Product Release Plan - CMPS115 - Fall 2014	
Product name: Drum Synth/Sequencing Software
Team name: tRiLLbEaTz
Members: Alfred Young, Gabe de la Mora, Chris Egan, Anthony Assi, Giselle Gutierrez
Release name: DrumSynth 1.0 (to be revised)
Release date: Dec. 10
Updated: Nov. 14

High level goals:
	The goal of this project is to produce a drum synthesizer/sequencer that emulates the workflow of devices such as the Roland TR808.  Up to eight channels can be added to a session, each containing a synth module or sample module. A synth module synthesizes a single precussive tone and allows for modulation of the synthesis parameters such as volume and pitch envelope.  A sample channel can hold a single audio sample from an external source. Some control over sample playback parameters will also be supported, such as pitch and volume. 
	Furthermore, the sounds produced by each channel can be sequenced in the sequencer, which appears as a 2x8 grid, each box representing a beat in a short loop. The sequencer provides controls for tempo and swing. As a stretch goal, the software would be able to export the sequenced loop as a .wav or .mp3 file making it a usable tool for digital music production.  

User Stories/Sprint Plan:
Sprint 1:
As a percussive musician, I want to be able to modularly add sampled elements to my composition so that I can use them to create full drum loops and breaks. 5 story points
As a digital artist, I want an intuitive interface that allows me to quickly add and subtract percussive elements to/from my session so that I can quickly sketch out musical ideas. 5 story points
As a sound designer, I want percussive modules who's volume can be changed so that I can balance the volume of samples that may be too low or high. 2 story points
Sprint 2:
As a percussive musician, I want to be able to modularly add synthesized percussion to my composition so that I can use them to create full drum loops and breaks. 8 story points
As a sound designer, I want to be able to control the synthesis parameters of each synth module so that I can create interesting percussive elements. 3 story points
As a sound designer, I want to access to simple effects such as filters and reverb so that I can apply them to percussive modules and create more interesting percussive elements. 3 story points
Sprint 3:
As a digital artist and computer application user, I want a polished user interface so that I can use it without impediments to my creativity such as having to work around bugs and learn idiosyncrasies of the application.
As a percussive musician, I want an interface through which to sequence drum sounds as well as be able to alter the tempo of the sequencer's playback and add swing so that I can create a variety of styles of drum loops.
As a sound designer, I want to access to simple effects such as reverb so that I can apply them to percussive modules and create more interesting percussive elements.
As a digital artist, I want to be able to export my compositions to audio files that I can use in a digital audio workstation. (strech goal)

